[WIP] Podcast: add ep4 pre21 disclosures (#131)
bitcoinbrink/website: _podcasts/4-bitcoin-core-pre-21-disclosures.md

---
title: "Episode 4: Discussing Pre-0.21.0 Bitcoin Core Vulnerability Disclosures"
permalink: /podcast/4-bitcoin-core-pre-21-disclosures/
layout: podcast
date: 2024-07-11
description: Gloria Zhao and Niklas Gögge discuss the recently disclosed Bitcoin Core pre-0.21.0 vulnerabilities.
---

Brink engineers [Gloria Zhao][] and [Niklas Gögge][] talk through the recently
disclosed Bitcoin Core pre-0.21.0 vulnerabilities.

> <iframe src="https://podcasters.spotify.com/pod/show/bitcoinbrink/embed/episodes/Sebastian-Falbesoner-on-Code-Review-and-BIP324-e2909ue" height="102px" width="400px" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

Reviewer: I assume this will be replaced with the new one so it's not the Sebastian one, but leaving comment just in case

* 0:00 - Introductions and motivation for disclosures

> * 3:17 - [Disclosure of netsplit due to malicious P2P messages by first 200 peers][disclosure netsplit]
> * 13:50 - [Disclosure of CPU/memory DoS due to many malicious peers][disclosure banlist]
> * 21:17 - [Disclosure of CPU DoS / stalling due to malicious P2P message][disclosure orphanage]
> * 27:34 - [Disclosure of potential remote code execution due to bug in miniupnpc][disclosure miniupnpc]
> * 34:17 - [Disclosure of memory DoS due to malicious P2P message from many
>   peers][disclosure receive buffer] and [Disclosure of memory DoS due to malicious P2P message][disclosure
>   send buffer]
> * 35:41 - [Disclosure of crash due to malicious BIP72 URI][disclosure bip72]
> * 37:39 - [Disclosure of memory DoS using low-difficulty headers][disclosure low diff headers]

Reviewer: Ideas for more clickbaity titles:
```suggestion
* 3:17 - [Absolute value of a signed integer leads to rejection of all blocks][disclosure netsplit]
* 13:50 - [Too many misbehaving peers leads to DoS][disclosure banlist]
* 21:17 - [Nested loop without deduplication leads to stalling][disclosure orphanage]
* 27:34 - [Vulnerability in dependency leads to potential RCE][disclosure miniupnpc]
* 34:17 - Large memory allocation in peer [receiver buffer][disclosure receive buffer] and [send buffer][disclosure
  send buffer]
* 35:41 - [Payment request fetch causes mysterious crashing][disclosure bip72]
* 37:39 - [Misordered logic permits download of blocks bypassing checkpoints][disclosure low diff headers]
```
